---
date: 2007-04-04 13:30:01+00:00
slug: adventures-in-a-penske
title: Adventures in a Penske
categories:
  - Personal
---

My family and I recently decided to take a journey across the country. We're
relocating to the snow belt so we wanted to be sure and have one last adventure
before we go without seeing the sun for most of the year. The only way to
travel when taking a trip across country is to rent a nice big Penske truck,
throw everything you own in the back, and take lots of pictures because you
probably won't be doing it ever again.<!--more-->

Our journey starts off in a small town in Sonoma county California. The weather
is sunny 70 degrees, truck is all packed, and we just finished up checking out
of our place. Only one small problem.

{{< figure src="/media/locked.jpg" >}}

To the untrained eye this picture looks like a normal packed truck ready to
head out on a trip. But deep inside that nicely packed truck happens to be the
keys to the shiny new pad lock which is securing the truck door shut. Not the
best way to start off a trip. After the initial rounds of yelling from the wife
I started to think to myself "Why didn't I just hire that moving company
again"? Luckily, Sebastopol California is filled with all kinds of interesting
people and my next door neighbor happened to be out doing yard work that day.
After he saw my wife slapping me upside the head a few times he inquired about
our situation. After chatting with him for a bit he explains how he was a
locksmith for 30 years. He had our lock picked in under 30 seconds and we were
on our way.

We ended up taking the southern route along interstate 40 to try and avoid most
of the unstable early spring weather. The first leg of our trip took us south
down interstate 5 to L.A. where we stopped and spent some time with friends. We
then picked up interstate 40 and headed for the Grand Canyon. Watching the
sunrise in the Grand Canyon was absolutely breath taking. We stayed about 1/4
mile from the rim at Maswik Lodge which turned out to be a great place to stay.

{{< figure src="/media/gc.jpg" >}}

After leaving the Canyon we headed east on interstate 40 through Arizona and
New Mexico. One of the coolest places we stopped along the highway was [Meteor
Crater](http://www.meteorcrater.com). It's about 5 miles off 40 down a small
country road.

{{< figure src="/media/mc.jpg" >}}

Before leaving Arizona we stopped off for a picnic lunch at the [Petrified
Forest National Park](http://www.nps.gov/pefo/)which had some wonderful views
of the [Painted Desert](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Painted_Desert,_Arizona).

{{< figure src="/media/pd.jpg" >}}

After we got out of New Mexico we kicked into high gear to get through the pan
handle of Texas and Oklahoma. It was interesting to find Texas having the
cheapest gas prices at around $2.30 a gallon. We also passed by some very
interesting signs throughout the deep south.

{{< figure src="/media/hell.jpg" >}}

Arkansas was a very pretty state to drive through along with Tennessee and
Kentucky. I wish we would have stopped off in Memphis for a bit longer. It
looked like a great place to visit being right on the Mississippi.

{{< figure src="/media/ten.jpg" >}}

Ohio, Pennsylvania, and finally New York made up the last leg of our trip and
by this time we were just anxious to get home so only stopped to gas up.

{{< figure src="/media/buff.jpg" >}}

And of course once we pulled up to our destination we order up some pizza and
wings which was the motivating factor that helped us get through all those
miles.

{{< figure src="/media/pizza.jpg" >}}

I picked up a [GPS](http://www.garmin.com/products/nuvi/) for the trip which
turned out to be a wise investment and a cool toy to play with to help pass the
miles by. Here's some quick stats I gathered throughout the trip:

```
Total Miles: 3500
Max Speed: 88.1 mph
Moving Time: 1 day 20 hours 43 minutes
Total Time: 7 days
```
